feat(curriculum): add greeting card workshop to cert (#56976)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-greeting-card/67333d70431f8a4b02596f3c.md

---
id: 67333d70431f8a4b02596f3c
title: Step 26
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-26
---

# --description--

> Add a selector that targets the `section` elements when hovered. Set the `transform` property to `skewX(10deg)`. 

Reviewer: It doesn't like the `skewX(10deg)` value has been taught yet.

Add a short sentence before this explaining what it is with a short code snippet.

---
id: 67333d70431f8a4b02596f3c
title: Step 26
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-26
---

# --description--

> An other value that can be used for the `transform` property is `skewX`, this function skews the element horizontally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another value that can be used for the `transform` property is `skewX`, this function skews the element horizontally.
```
